Secretary Zhu
For your mother's most valued secretary
My nature has always been very big
Where is less
What do you want?
What to do in the office
I've never tried that before.
Fan Shao, don't do this
Since you are willing to help him Lin Chusheng make this bed
Then be prepared to show up
Fan Shao, I don't understand what you're talking about
Soon you will understand
That good brother?
Can't do anything else
I'm pretty good at picking women
There is nothing wrong between me and the third young master
I naturally know this
Since my good brother has no guts
From today onwards
You are my woman
Where is the most important issue for us now?
It's about funding.
If the headquarters does not receive the funds
Then our offline project
There's no way to keep the promise
If President Nalan is investigated by then
Your position as the person in charge
I'm afraid it's time to discuss
With that billion-dollar project fund
To buy the land in Dongshan
It's a felony to misappropriate project funds
Not to mention
The land in Dongshan is a wasteland that no one wants
Just do it.